# ICLR-Data-Visulisation-Analysis
1. Background 
ICLR, the full name is "International Conference on Learning Representations". Founded in 2013 by Yoshua Bengio and Yann LeCun, two of the top three deep learning giants. As we all know, Yoshua Bengio heads the Université de Montréal Artificial Intelligence Laboratory, or MILA, one of the largest artificial intelligence research centers in the world. Yann LeCun is the dean of Facebook's Artificial Intelligence Research Institute and is known as the father of convolutional neural networks. This year is the 12th conference. Although it has been held for a short period of time, it has been widely recognized by academic researchers and is the top conference for deep learning. The affiliation participated in 2017 was 362, and its increased to 1378 in 2021.
As for the reason for founding ICLR, we can speculate from the open letter published by Bengio and LeCun on ICLR's official website. It is well known that the application representation of data has a significant impact on the performance of machine learning. The rapid development of representation learning is also accompanied by many problems, such as how can we better learn more meaningful and effective representations from data. We have explored this area, including deep learning, representation learning, metric learning, kernel learning, combinatorial models, very linear structure prediction, and non-convex optimization problems. Although representation learning plays a vital role in machine learning and fields including vision, speech, audio, and NLP, there is currently a lack of a place where scholars can communicate and share topics of interest in the field. The purpose of ICLR is to fill this gap (ICLR是个什么样的会议? - 知乎, 2022).
